about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

I'm Nicky Marino, and I'm a developer with a degree in Computer Engineering from Purdue University.

## Past Projects

I was the Head Teaching Assistant for Purdue's [Honors Engineering](https://engineering.purdue.edu/Honors) intro course, where we covered a variety of topics including teamwork, project management, scripting, and solving real world problems. I was head of the software team, which handles the behind-the-scenes scripts and tools to help the class run smoothly.

I worked with a team of 3 other students to build an ASIC [RC4/SD Card encryption](https://github.com/nickymarino/ece337project) design.

I designed the CMS and attendance tracking app for [Phoenix Club](https://github.com/nickymarino/phoenixclub).

I've built a number of small Twitter bots, such as [Greyhouse Status](https://twitter.com/greyhousestatus).

## Twitter

- [@_NickyMarino]({{ site.author.twitter }}): My personal account
- [@NickyMarino_com]({{ site.twitter_feed }}): A feed of this site's posts

Commit message:

Update About page and include header

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

I'm Nicky Marino, and I'm a patent engineer working at a law firm in downtown Chicago, IL. I grew up in the suburbs of Indianapolis and studied Computer Engineering at Purdue University. I have a passion for writing and teaching software development.

Boiler Up!

## Current Projects

[Transit Talk](https://github.com/TransitTalk/Transit-Talk) is a web app built to improve overall transit user experience by connecting riders to each other and to the agencies that serve them.

[Code Your Dreams Curriculum](https://github.com/CodeYourDreams/Develop_Curriculum) teaches younger generations to think critically, creatively, and empathetically to build the applications of their dreams.

[This site](https://github.com/nickymarino/nickymarino.github.io) has posts detailing my thoughts and tips on anything from programming to LaTeX formatting.

My [GitHub page]({{ site.author.github }}) features more projects.

## Past Projects

I was the Head Teaching Assistant for [Purdue Honors Engineering](https://engineering.purdue.edu/Honors), where we covered a variety of topics including teamwork, project management, scripting, and solving real world problems. I lead the software team of ~10 colleagues to automatically collect, grade, and report homework submissions for over 300 students weekly.

I implemented an efficient, reliable method to read and edit RFID tags with a [TI MSP430](http://www.ti.com/microcontrollers/msp430-ultra-low-power-mcus/overview.html) microcontroller and a Node frontend for [Indesign, LLC](https://indesign-llc.com).

I designed and managed an automated system to collect, parse, and store NOAA weather reports on a daily basis for [Consumers Energy](https://www.consumersenergy.com).

I built the CMS for [Phoenix Club](https://github.com/nickymarino/phoenixclub) to manage the attendance records of nearly 100 students at weekly meetings.

I worked with a team of 3 other students to build an ASIC [RC4/SD Card encryption](https://github.com/nickymarino/ece337project) design.

## About the Site

This website is:

- Coded with [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
- Built on [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), the open source static site generator
- Designed with a heavily-modified version of the [Lanyon](https://github.com/poole/lanyon) Jekyll site theme
- Hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
- Tested on [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com)
- Written and maintained by [me]({{ site.author.twitter }})

For comments or questions, feel free to ask me on [GitHub]({{ site.author.github }}), [Twitter]({{ site.author.twitter }}), or via email at nicky.s.marino [at] gmail [dot] com.
